Good morning, I'm in Shanghai, Shenzhen,
and here in Hong Kong. You're watching
the China show. I'm Yvonne Man with
David Ingles.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top stories today, Asian stocks
trading higher on strong US economic
data and cooling geopolitical tensions.
The Bank of Japan on deck today expected
to hold rates amid worries about Prime
Minister Takaichi's fiscal [music] plan.
>> Alibaba, top stock to watch here in Hong
Kong after US shares rose on reports
it's preparing to list its AI
chip-making arm.
>> Also had details of President Trump's
framework [music] deal on Greenland,
including stationing US missiles, mining
rights, and boosting NATO presence.
>> And TikTok seals a deal to create a US
venture [music] with Oracle and Silver
Lake, avoiding a nationwide ban.
Happy Friday. [music] It seems like if
you're long these risk assets here
today, and we thought we were going to
start off the show with maybe some
pessimism given what happened with the
Intel story there and the outlook which
was a bit disappointing. The after hours
certainly we saw what happened
declines there, but then again, I think
Asia is still finding some good news
here to wrap up this trading week.
>> Yeah, we are finding that and I think
the Alibaba story might be enough to
more than offset sort of negative
headwinds coming through out of Intel.
Although specifically on Intel, right?
So we are still feeling that somewhat. I
think you have a couple of stocks tied
to the company. Lasertech is down about
5 and 1/2% in Japan. But all that is to
say, it looks like the Alibaba story
will be more than enough. Plus of course
we've had a little bit of everything
again this week, right? Geopolitical
scares, this bid across precious metals,
the yen
uh
yen acting stable, but the BOJ JGB
market doing the yen dance this week.
But then risk assets at the end of the
day are still doing okay.
>> Yep, and I think at the end of the day,
what we're looking for is going to be
that press briefing from Ueda San from
the BOJ here today. Yes, you're not
expected to do anything, but any sort of
signals of of what the BOJ can do to
really stabilize the JGB market and
potentially the yen as well, I think
will be quite quite telling as well.
>> Yeah, what's going to constitute
hawkish? Lots of conversations around uh
what that might look like later on in
the show. Meanwhile, a very quick glance
at the Nikkei 225 among the benchmarks
in the region trading to the upside
right now. Kospi's back above 5,000. Uh
you have the Taiex index coming online
6/10 of 1%. We're stable uh on US
futures. Uh we're still at the moment,
we still have a full trading day left,
of course, flat on the week.
Uh in fact, slightly lower last I
checked on the global benchmark, so
we'll see what the day looks like. The
dollar though, that's fairly clear. The
dollar is on track for the worst week
going back, I think, about 6 or 7
months. Let's call it June.
Uh a lot of that has to do with the
strength that's come through really
substantially, number one in the Aussie
dollar. Uh of course, we talked about
the BOJ and what they say and how they
say it actually coming through uh later
today. No change though expected uh
coming through on the actual policy
rate. It comes amidst, of course, in how
they're able to address
maybe even sidestep the gyrations in the
bond market. One measure, that's a
30-day measure, bottom of the screens.
Uh gold remains bid, silver coming up,
you have platinum, and you of course you
have oil. And yeah, we are nearing these
milestones, whether that's a hundred in
silver,
5,000 in gold. Uh Alibaba big story up
5% overnight along with some of the
other tech plays we're up 1.6% on the
Golden Dragon index, which actually
feeds very nicely i- into the open
today, where we do have a couple of
things to tell you about. We have a bond
auction again. Uh the fix will be very
much in focus, plus of course,
reiteration coming through out of the
central bank that policy will be
supportive and that there is room for
further easing. Uh and we'll see where
that window of opportunity uh opens up.
But yes, risk assets are bid this
Friday.
>> Yep, so tech certainly is going to be
the key focus as we mentioned and given
that Alibaba scoop from our team. So
again, Gao Yuan coming up here on really
what does this mean for the chip unit
moving forward? Giga device came with
some results as well. Xiaomi the
buybacks was certainly some things to
watch out for the tech space in
particular. Developers in Hong Kong,
have we seen the worst of it? Is there
seeing a bottom here right now? We
actually have seen those stocks
outperforming the most in 5 years. The
STAR 50 is at what 2021 high still. So
we're still watching those large cap
stocks small cap stocks this morning. Uh
the fix will see if we continue to see
that wider gap between the spot price
and what the PBOC is setting there. Uh
there's going to be an economic survey
for January coming up as well. SCMP had
a pretty interesting sort of scoop about
they might be lowering that range when
it comes to the growth target for this
year. Uh CGB sale wanted to tell you
about as well just given the the rising
demand that we saw this week on the
7-year and there is going to be an MLF
operation as well.
>> Yeah, watch all those things closely.
Let's get more on the Alibaba story and
our scoop coming through as well. The
plans of the company to list its
chip-making arm T-Head. Gao Yuan, our
tech reporter, is with us right now from
Singapore. Good morning. T- Tell us
about what we know so far about this
potential listing and how this really
goes into the overall AI strategy of the
company.
>> Happy Friday, guys. Yes, this is a big
news of course for Alibaba and T-Head is
their uh chief design arm fully fully
owned by Alibaba and now they're trying
to put a separate IPO for the unit. We
don't know much about the details yet uh
because this is just a a
initial announced plan. So basically uh
what they're they're do next is to
restructure the the share ownership,
basically give shares to its employees
before they can move on to other steps
of the IPO. So for now we don't have the
evaluation or venue or timing, but as
you can see there's lots of uh Chinese
chip companies doing IPO right at this
moment. So, uh yeah, I'm not surprised
that China is trying to do something
like that.
>> Yeah, it seems like they're joining this
wave, as you say, Gal. What's next then,
in terms of the IPO process? What should
we look out for when it comes to T-Head
now?
>> Yeah, it's it basically it's like I
said, the the the the share shareholder
restructure is the first step.
Um and
I don't I'm not sure I don't think they
are will start to look in banks at this
moment, but
yeah, they will be doing
but the rest of the Euro steps
at a later point. For now,
for a T-Head, it's business or or doing
great.
Um so, it's and the overall market is
very especially especially in China,
they're very welcoming of like the
cutting-edge technology companies doing
IPOs either in Hong Kong or China
mainland, but we we don't have details
about where and when T-Head will be
doing it doing it, but as you know, the
the the Chinese market is very
welcoming.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah, well, speaking of welcoming, the
the IPO market has certainly been
arguably, I would even say this is
probably one of the biggest reasons why
Alibaba is even entertaining this. I
mean, we talked about Baidu, of course,
and their chip unit, and we've seen many
of them come to the market or at least
having plans to do so.
Why do you think that is, stating the
obvious perhaps here?
>> Yeah, well,
as you know, China and the US are locked
in this tech war
and for China's side,
they they they wanted the those, you
know, the companies with the best
technologies to have [clears throat]
this, you know, ammunition of some sort
to be financially to fight this war.
We we had Caticorn IPO not long ago, and
that's a
who would have thought that is a 8
billion US dollar company right now.
And also
CXMT which is China's largest memory
chip company. Their IPO is in the
pipelines.
So so basically the the top tier
companies that has the technologies in
chip manufacturing AI chip design will
going to have
get get get benefit from all this
Chinese strategies. So that they can so
I think it's a good timing for them to
do IPO. As as you know
the IPO has been paused for for many
many years and now the it's time it's a
good season for them to restart that.
>> Gao Yuan, thank you. Our tech reporter
there of course who bringing us that
scoop along with his teammate there
Debbie Wu. Really that did move the
market overnight here when it comes to
ADRs. We already are seeing when it
comes to the Hong Kong session. Alibaba
shares indicated higher in Hong Kong.
We'll play more analysis later on the
China show as well. Bloomberg
Intelligence's Robert Lee is going to
join us. Talk us through what this means
for Alibaba. Another tech story that
we're following for you today that just
crossed our Bloomberg's just a few
moments ago. TikTok and its Chinese
parent ByteDance have officially
established a venture to transfer parts
of TikTok's US business to non-Chinese
owners. Let's go to our Asia tech
correspondent Emily Liu. She's watching
overall what this deal is looking like
here. What do we know so far?
>> Yeah, well what we know is that TikTok
is in the US can probably just breathe a
sigh of relief. Of course there's been a
lot of questions marks on this or over
this and it's certainly been a
a many months long saga essentially. But
the framework and the terms of the deal
are
really mapping or countering what we've
already heard from from the Trump
administration what was announced just
back a few months ago. But essentially
we've got TikTok and ByteDance that have
established that JV to transfer parts of
TikTok's US business to non-Chinese
owners. And so as part of that deal
you're going to get essentially a newly
created US entity and we've actually
already been hearing that that staff
within the US had already been starting
to be split into these teams just in the
last few weeks. So, essentially just
creating a bit of a firewall around what
happens in the states. But, in terms of
of who's going to be overseeing this,
well, you've got the the three managing
investors. There's Oracle, there's
Silver Lake Management as well, and then
there's the Abu Dhabi-based investment
company MGX. So, they were already the
names that we've been reporting on as
well. But, as we said, it really does
conclude what's been
a very long geopolitical saga and lots
of concerns around national security in
particular.
>> Are those concerns Does Well, does the
structure we know understand it in its
form address the national security
concerns? Like, what's happened with
that?
>> No, that's sort of one of the I guess
the main criticisms or question marks
out of this is certainly still, I guess,
national security concerns that haven't
really been allayed by by the structure
of the terms of this deal. Cuz
essentially what TikTok is doing is And
that's the Chinese ByteDance, of course,
is is is licensing a version of the
algorithm. But, we still don't really
understand how that algorithm works in
practice. And actually, there's a really
great business week daily blog out from
this from one of our reporters, Alex
Levine, and she's talking about how
she she meets up with a friend and
essentially they realize that both of
them are using TikTok but seeing very
different videos on on the ice rates in
particular. And and and a lot of those
AI-generated as well. And there's really
no understanding of of why did you get
that that content being fed to you and
I'm getting this content being fed to
me. And then and that really speaks to
the key question mark of social media
apps in general, but but tools that can
essentially
feed misinformation, disinformation, so
social dissent as well. And then that
really got back to
the main issue and why this all started
with TikTok in the first place under the
Biden administration.
>> Annabelle, thank you so much. Annabelle
Jewelers are our tech correspondent.
What we know so far about how this might
look like moving forward. More on the
tech outlook, in fact, coming up here
as investors are piling into shares of
companies with AI application. The long
AI trade continues, no pun intended, to
trump most risk, if not all, when you
look at how price action is faring at
this point in time. ET Wealth joins us
to explain why they see the rally based
on earnings and not speculation. We're
counting down to the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here in Hong
Kong, the final session of the week. Uh
about 18 minutes away. We're tracking
shares [music] of Alibaba indicated
higher this Friday. Plenty more ahead.
This is the China show.
All right, welcome back. Uh so, half of
1% is the [music] early pricing. Alibaba
should be much, much more than that.
We'll track that, of course, and we'll
get to the pre the pre-market in about 5
minutes time. We should be getting the
RMB midpoint of the day now. Let me just
check my terminal if I have that, and of
course, we've seen
uh
a few pips above the seven handle. I'm
not sure if you want to see anything.
>> Oh, it is below.
>> Ah.
>> So, that should be something that is
going to go uh red on your terminal
screens if you're watching very closely.
Uh 6.9926,
that is the fix from the PBOC here
today. So, uh it is strong, and I think
we finally reached that point, um but
it's it's been a while since we've seen
a fix below seven, Dave.
>> May 20
2023, and it kind of makes it it's has
Well, the reason we were waiting for it
because of the dollar weakness, right?
And I think uh
net-net, the the dollar is on track for
the worst week since June. So, hence,
here we are. And I think if I could ask
our producers to bring up an intraday
chart, please, of dollar China. If see
if see any reactions to that So far, and
we'll bring that to you in a moment. But
yeah, what do we talk about implications
around the currency, the weak dollar,
and of course this risk asset rally
you've seen from the start of the year.
>> Yeah, continue to see AI kind of head
higher here. And you know, our next
guest says when it comes to this whole
tech rally, well before I get to that,
look at the reaction on dollar China. So
continue to see that strength there at
695.81.
But back to AI, right? And you know, is
this tech rally really more speculation
right now? You know, is the ROI really
there? Or is it really something that's
due to fundamentals, right? Let's bring
in Ivy is chief APAC investment officer
at DWS. She joins us now here in the
studios. Ivy, it's great to have you
here on the China show for the first
time.
>> having me.
>> So, the AI rally, should I look at it as
something that's speculation, or do you
think there is actually some earnings
that is kind of leading to this sort of
optimism now?
>> We think definitely the earning part is
the main focus for us. And then we have
seen that like particularly when you
look at regionally like on Taiwan,
Korea, or even like some of the China
tech company. You may not see the
earning immediately delivery for the
China one, but for the Korea, for the
Taiwan one, you continue to see like the
earning driver is a key like a focus for
the company. That's why every time when
the results coming out, people all
watching out for the management guidance
regarding their growth rate. And like uh
the big tech company in Taiwan has been
like
continuously like surprise market with
the upside. So that's why from our point
of view is definitely the earning
driver. But having said that, we are
also very cautious about like how about
the valuation? Is the valuation can be
support? And you bring up a very good
point, right? Like what is the like
return on equity? What is the ROI and
all? But I guess like if you look at
from a China perspective, at least from
the China tech perspective, they do have
some comparative advantage like the cost
is relatively lower. No matter like
where you look at the labor cost, when
you even you look at the like number of
engineer engineer to China produce like
it is much higher than other country.
And then the other key thing is the
electricity cost in China is also like
very very low. So all these things kind
of supporting the overall like that
value in the market.
>> The
people keep pointing to valuations as a
reason for the market to correct, but so
far they've only pointed to it. We we
haven't seen a correction. And I wonder
People talk about this as a generational
opportunity. And you know, you have
companies keep saying they just can't
produce enough of it CapEx. They need to
raise so much money with the CapEx. And
I wonder
is it useful to use one year earnings is
is my question as a as a gauge of
valuations given that
you know, who knows what this looks like
in a year. We don't know, but what it
looks like in three years is probably
much much more.
>> I think it's always better to look at
multiple years like we generally like
when we look at that let's say the US
earning we always see that like even
till 2030 we still see a kind of like
double digit earning growth in the US
market. We generally look ahead, but the
thing is like okay, market also focusing
on the short term. And especially when
expectation is high, the next one year
earnings is kind of like the key driver.
Not only just the earning, actually
management comment is also a key part.
And what you're right, we have been
saying about like a valuation expensive
and expensive, but you have seen that
like there is also some change in the
market. While the AI stocks start
picking up, but regionally you look at
the property names actually doing pretty
well like surprisingly property you can
say it's more of value name than
anything related to AI right. So market
has been shifting and fund manager has
also been reallocating some of the
money. But for the AI one still like is
a key focus, but they have been like
diversifying.
>> Is there still need to be defensive in
this market? I just take a look at what
what's been going on with geopolitics
here and and it it kind of fuels this
whole debasement sort of debate of
diversification away from the dollar
dollar assets to maybe precious metals
for example. Do do you see still a case
for that given we've seen a massive
rally in gold prices already.
>> Yes. I think it's also understandable.
Of course, like gold price at this level
is a little bit expensive. I think
everyone would agree that. But the thing
is like whenever it's pull back for like
10% I say for the whole geopolitics
tension calm down for a little bit, then
you see like maybe gold price pull pull
back. But while we are living in the
current world, actually is a rising
geopolitical tension everywhere you can
mention. So that's why like for gold
price and all for gold particularly in
the portfolio, we still see its value in
a multi-asset portfolio. It's very
important.
>> Okay. You mentioned property. I'm
curious about that because that started
to really come alive.
>> Yes.
>> Uh why why do you think that is? And is
that simply just rotation out of the big
winners? What's what's going on there?
>> I think there are like two parts, right?
So key part of what as I mentioned,
market has been looking for like some
value stock. Where is the like rate of
change? And this is the key part I think
is where driving the property names. If
you look at Hong Kong, Hong Kong has
went for a very tough period of time. Be
residential, office, or retail, whatever
you can names. But let's pick on the
commercial sector first. When you look
at like particularly on the Hong Kong
office, if you look at four key office,
the central rent is actually the first
quarter of a quarter pick up in terms of
the central rent after multiple years
like that. So this is a positive sign we
are seeing the office on top of all the
transaction we can names last year with
the central office with the Causeway Bay
office. So office was where like we see
the positive momentum. Retail in terms
of the rents, like I know that like the
rental reversion part is still kind of
like under pressure. But we can see that
like with the tourist arrival slowly
picking up, we still haven't back to the
heyday of 2018. Don't get me wrong. But
like at least probably we have seen the
worst like and residential where you see
like the stock price have been picking
up. I think the key part for a lot of
like investor is when you look at last
year, our residential price are 5%. Our
primary, our secondary volume all
picking up by double digits. So that's
where people getting positive. But don't
get me wrong, I'm not saying about like
the earning will be like shoot up in the
coming March. Like it will still be like
the earning still be under stress for
some of the names. But the thing is like
for market is where's the bottom. And
that's is where they see the value,
right? Before the whole valley coming
like a lot of property name but the Hong
Kong property name was actually trading
as like a kind of minus one standard
deviation discount to our NAV. Of course
the price has pick up, valuation pick up
but I wouldn't see that is like super
expensive now, probably more at a fair
value kind of range right now for the
Hong Kong property name.
>> Has the environment funding condition
specifically improved enough that some
of the distressed names have been pulled
so far away from the edge that they're
no longer distressed? I'll I'll just
mention New World for example. We don't
have to talk about New World but bonds
some of the bonds are up 200%. It's been
in the news this week and have things
shifted enough that
you know,
we should
solvency issues should not be an issue
anymore.
>> Okay. We're not touching on specific
name but overall market we can see high
high ball was moving last year. Of
course in second half of each year a
little bit like higher compared with
like the low point we see in the year.
But overall when you look at full year
basis is still pretty healthy and
relatively low level. So you have seen
that in the like results or in the
coming results for the developer or
landlord the interest cost pressure will
be less. So that's why we say the
funding environment is getting more
favorable. I would say there is still
some problem but as I mentioned about
for the fundamentals is same thing like
for the worst time property has passed.
>> Ivy, thank you.
>> Thank you very much.
>> Have a happy Friday. Have a have a have
a good weekend.
>> You too. Thank you.
>> Ivy Young there, chief investment
officer APAC at DWS. Alibaba out of the
gates 4% 5% move overnight on the
pricing given of course this our
Bloomberg reporting here on this
potential listing of its chip unit.
>> T head heading to go public. So that's
certainly going to be one thing that
could propel the whole tech ecosystem
here today. [music] We're already seeing
that here in Asia. Play more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> All right, welcome back.
Um quadruple B, uh that's the theme
today. Alibaba and then we'll get to
Labubu uh in a moment here. Up 4% here
on Yeah, they're uh reporting [music]
that it's looking to list its tea head
chip-making unit at at some point.
>> quadruple B, what you meant by that.
Baba and Boo Boos, okay. I get it now.
Pop Mart, that's what we're talking
about it. Okay. Uh there's a lot of
anticipation that there's going to be
this big interview that the CEO has done
with Xinhua that's coming out, I believe
12:00 p.m. [music]
today. Uh so, the market's certainly
getting really interested in what he's
going to say here. But yes, the stock is
up to 4%. It's already been up some 15%
this [music] week already, the best week
we've seen in about a year and a half or
so.
>> Yep, August 2024. All that [music] is
feeding into the open today. We're
poised to open higher this Friday. This
is the China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Good morning.
Um [music]
Okay, uh you guys might have caught a
whiff of
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah.
>> The things we talk about off air.
>> Yeah. Somewhat of a snicker and we will
>> No.
>> anyway, we'll talk about it later.
>> says it was not
>> [music]
>> broadcasted live. But we were discussing
what T head means um and I looked it up
according to AI Google [music]
uh is is is a a honey badger.
Pingtou ge
>> [music]
>> Pingtou ge Pingtou ge
>> Sounds non-aggressive though.
>> But no, it's enough to kind of feel
these markets, right? And we saw
overnight you know, this the stock
basically uh saw a bit of a uh
there. Now we're seeing a little bit of
a pop there uh when it comes to Alibaba.
That certainly is giving some good vibes
as we wrap up what has been a pretty
turbulent week when it comes to Davos,
the Greenland situation which I think
we're all kind of resting a little bit
more and better now about that. The JGB
market has also stabilized. But then
again, BOJ is up next. So certainly
that's the next sort of event risk to
watch out for across these markets. But
at least for now, that Alibaba story is
helping to propel this uh onshore market
a little bit higher here today as well.
Let's see how Hong Kong does of course.
Uh we're 50% higher here this morning.
We talked about some of those small
caps, the gauges like Star 50 that are
you know, at basically five to six-year
highs. Um and then you take a look at
what's been going on across some of
these tech names, right? So you're still
seeing like stuff like Cavium tech uh
lower by 7/10 of 1% here today. Uh but
we're watching very closely what happens
in Hong Kong. So obviously Alibaba is
the one to watch. We talked about how
the free market we're already seeing
decent gains there. We're talking about
3 and 1/2% or higher here right now. So
according to our team,
Alibaba reportedly is a planning an IPO
for T head. This is the AI chip making
unit. So volume likes of Baidu
and of course many other Chinese tech
companies of late here. So that's
helping. Baidu interestingly enough is
heading lower, right? In reaction
possibly there uh given that there might
be more competition. Tencent uh not
doing much there. Meituan also just
slightly higher. But Xiaomi is also up
close to about 1.8% or so. Uh but there
is a plan buyback there. So that's
possibly why it's leading the charge. Uh
dollar China is interesting, right?
First time since 2023 we have seen a fix
with the PBOC sub seven. So continue to
follow that dollar's weakness, of
course, and the strength in the currency
here at 6.9565.
So, continue to see dollar China heading
lower this morning. HS Tech seems to be
driving the charge for the Hang Seng.
We're up close to 1% right now.
>> Yeah, you you really feel the effects in
the equity market. I'll I'll try and tie
the equity market rally to the strength
in the currency, and it's somewhat
unlocked maybe some further gains apart
from obviously the tech tailwinds we're
getting from the likes of Baidu and
Xiaomi. Uh PopMart's also, as we were
just pointing out there, that's going to
come up on your screens ahead of this
uh interview.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh that's that's coming up, I believe. I
don't
Do we Do we have timing on that? I think
>> 12:00 p.m. Friday. So, you know, it's
about 2 and 1/2 hours or so. So, if
you're watching BOJ, you also might want
to watch this interview coming up as
well. According to Tencent Video, which
really touted on their social media
account that this interview with Wang
Ning, the CEO of Xinhua, is coming out.
It's gotten the market excited. Maybe,
you know, remember the last time there
was that presser?
>> Mhm.
>> And he took out the little mini Labubu.
>> I wonder what he might take out of his
pocket
>> It can't get any smaller.
>> It could.
>> Otherwise, it's it's it's it's
>> It could be like a minuscule Labubu. Who
knows?
>> Two nanometer one.
>> [laughter]
>> Let's bring about the chips, though.
That seems to be the big thing, too.
>> That was the segue.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh
so, we're looking at this this chip
potential listing of the chip unit uh of
Alibaba that's T-Head's. Uh Bloomberg
Intelligence says the potential spin-off
uh
will have a limited earnings impact due
to some structural headwinds not
specifically to do with the chip
business, but broadly speaking, when you
look at the company. Robert Leeswood is
here to tell to to underscore the thesis
and spell it out for us.
>> Yes, that's right. I think the earnings
outlook for Alibaba as a whole remains
dominated by e-commerce. And as we know,
there are strong headwinds at the
moment. There's a price war within
mainstream e-commerce, and particularly
within the food delivery service. And
that's why we've seen quite significant
earnings downgrades for Alibaba and its
e-commerce peers. So, obviously the the
headlines today, as you said, are
dominated by the potential spin-off on
IPO of
T-Head, whose Chinese name, as you said,
I think
stands for honey badger, which
apparently is one of the most aggressive
animals. It's one of these things that
you look on YouTube, cuz I spend a lot
of time look looking at random YouTube
videos in my spare time. It's one of
these animals you don't want to meet
down a dark alley. It's incredibly
aggressive. So, whether that defines
their strategy or relates to it was
completely random, or just to see if
they like the like the look, I I don't
know. I digress.
Back to the business, Dave. Yes. They've
been in business, I believe, since about
2018 or 19.
They have a fairly limited range of
chips at the moment, which had largely
to supply in Alibaba's internal use. So,
both for mainstream service and cloud
business, computing, and obviously AI.
So, the spin-off, in a way, doesn't
impact their strategy T-Head's strategy
overall. It continues.
In theory, one motivation to IPO is
obviously to gain access to external
funding to help build your new factory
or whatever. So, first of all, they
don't really need the capex or the the
money for that, because they follow
what's called a fabless business model.
So, they outsource the production, much
like Nvidia.
And also, Alibaba is a business which is
very very cash rich. So, therefore, I
think the prime motivation for this is a
value realization, which is why the
stock has reacted quite positively. So,
they've got a pocket of intellectual
property, you know, a little hidden gem
in there, which investors can
potentially get their hand on, and they
get a payback on the back of that. I
think it's as simple as that. It will
have no impact on the capex plans.
Alibaba will continue to spend 50 or so
billion over next 3 years. It's a value
realization.
And good for brokers, good for the Hong
Kong market. That that's great.
Oh, yeah.
That's that's true. Big Robert. Yeah.
Fat fat bonuses all around.
>> Well, I mean I I it's almost like every
few days I see a headline about some
chip unit that's going to AI chip unit
that's going to go public.
>> It's quite the fashion.
>> How should I look at, you know, the
Alibaba one versus Baidu versus all the
other ones that are that are coming out
or have already come out?
>> Okay, well, a lot of these big tech
platforms have their own in-house um
chip division to to again because
we've got a huge uh
you know, demand is outstripping supply
to a significant degree at the moment.
So, um in order to largely meet internal
demands, they started this business 6 7
years ago.
Um but yes, given the uh effervescence
in the Hong Kong market at the moment,
given a strong appetite for new listings
and IPOs, there's a window of
opportunity encouraged no doubt by
brokers and bankers to to spin these
things off. Uh but in terms of what it
means for the industry, no big impact
cuz they're actually capex light
businesses. Um and in the long run this
ties into China's quest for technology
self-sufficiency, particularly focused
on semiconductors. So, um you know,
which I think is a very interesting and
uh exciting trend.
>> All right, Robert. Thank you, Robert Lee
there, Bloomberg Intelligence senior
analyst there on what to expect when it
comes to Alibaba and T Head moving
forward. Um we got to switch gears from
the whole AI trade to to talk about
property, right? We were just talking to
Ivy Ong from DWS about how she started
to see signs that possibly a bottom is
forming. And you started to see that in
some of the the outperformance of some
of these property stocks, right? The
Hang Seng Property Index has actually
outperformed the Hang Seng the last few
days or so.
>> Yeah, I think as things stand, this
should be the biggest monthly
outperformance
uh I think going back to several years.
I think going back about 5 years or so.
And I think Ivy's point earlier was
that, you know, it's really the change
the the the rate and the delta. And I
think she's seen
a very quick bounce from the bottom as
far as the I think commercial and office
rents data is concerned is what I was
citing from December month and month.
So, something to watch
given of course all the news flow which
does include of course we talked at
length about this new world uh this
week. You had a rally in the stock, even
bigger rally in some of the company's
bonds. Uh that's despite of course the
broader conversations around the company
facing fresh turmoil. This $2.6 billion
mall
uh near the airport Hong Kong airport
specifically and you have tenant term
tenants terminating their leases there.
Surely Jill is with us here on set our
conglomerate reporter to tell us and
remind us about what what is the latest
with that with the mall?
>> Right. So, the mall right now is still
standing largely empty despite you know
the
um airport authority last year told us
that they aim to open the mall by phases
uh starting from mid-year this year. And
what we've learned is that a series of
tenants who have signed up leases with
the mall have pulled out including Chow
Tai Fook of jewelry which is a unit
under New World's controlling
shareholder the billionaire Cheng
family. And other brands that have
pulled out include Japanese brand
Uniqlo, uh sportswear brand Y-3, and uh
local jewelry brand Luk Fook.
>> So, what what sort of what you're
hearing on what New World might be
planning on doing with this particular
asset now? Is it Is it they just want to
sell it at a loss? I mean what what's
their perspective right now?
>> Right. So, um there are a range of
options. New World um is looking to sell
the project and uh it's likely that they
may have to sell it at a loss. And at
the same time they're also talking to
Hong Kong's Airport Authority to sort of
forge a deal on the future of this mall.
Um and one of the options that they're
looking at is for the Airport Authority
to wave a uh guaranteed rent that New
World is expected to be paying starting
from 2028 which amounts to how uh 1.8
billion Hong Kong dollars a year and
that payment will last until 2066.
So, one option is that the airport
authority may wave that payment but at
the same time in exchange for a control
of the project. And what we learned is
that the airport authority has already
approached some major developers in town
to potentially take over the project.
>> Okay, Shirley. Thank you, Shirley Zhao
there with of course that slip of
Bloomberg can go on with her reporter.
Uh and some other corporate news this
morning, TikTok and its Chinese parent
ByteDance have closed a long-awaited
deal to transfer parts of its US
operations to US investors. Now, the
social media company has officially
established a US entity with three
managing investors. That's Oracle,
Silver Lake [music] and Abu Dhabi-based
MGX. This move secures the app's future
in the US after a years-long
geopolitical and regulatory tug-of-war.
China's Geely has set a goal to increase
annual sales by more than 50% by 2030
and become one of the world's top five
car makers. The group spans brands
[music] from Zeekr EVs to Volvo and even
makes London's iconic black cabs. The
CEO, Andy An says Geely [music] wants to
sell 6 and 1/2 million units by 2030.
That's up from the 4.1 million it
delivered [music] last year and that
would see revenue top 140 billion
dollars. [music]
A US court has approved the takeover of
bankrupt Roomba maker iRobot by its main
Chinese supplier. [music]
But creditors and the Chinese buyer,
Pacquia, continue to engage with US
regulators to finalize the [music] deal.
The US government filed a statement this
week noting that certain aspects of the
transaction may be subject to national
security review.
>> [music]
>> All right, we're about 11 minutes into
the cash market session. Yet another
massive pop in shares of Pop Mart. So,
the story going into today was the
buyback story and then [music] today of
course ahead of that interview with the
CEO
from Xinhua uh, News which should be
airing in about, uh, just over 2 hours
or now. Watch it very closely. We are on
track for the best week now [music]
since 2022
on shares. As you can see, 24% also to
the upside, uh, the Chinese currency.
For [music] the first time since 2023,
the fixing sub seven, and that's a
reaction across [music] the Chinese
currency. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> It looks [music] like we have the
concept of it there. It gets everything
we wanted,
including especially real national
security.
>> And President Trump was the one who, uh,
um, re- reinvigorated NATO at the summit
in The Hague with the famous 5%. I think
we can be thankful for the fact that he
again has been able to take leadership
on this issue. How can we collectively
uh, protect the Arctic?
>> on Arctic sovereignty.
>> [music]
>> We stand firmly
with Greenland and Denmark and fully
support their unique right to determine
Greenland's future.
>> The process of getting to that agreement
has clearly damaged trust amongst
allies. Longstanding allies with deep
friendship and partnership. That's been
the very unsettling thing about about
the last few days.
>> I think that what's going on is really a
change of the world order.
>> Every country is entitled to defend its
legitimate rights and interests.
>> We consider the people of the United
States not just our allies, but our
friends.
>> Yeah, world leaders there in Davos
weighing in on, of course, Greenland,
Arctic [music] security, and shifting
alliances as well. Let's bring in now
our chief Asia correspondent, Rosalind
Mathieson, who's been tracking all
things that have been going on in Davos
there. Uh, you know, we're getting some
at least details of this Greenland
framework. What does it look like at
this point?
>> Well, it seems like it will include
quite an expanded US military presence
on Greenland, possibly being able to
station US missiles on Greenland. Of
course, that the defense treaty back
from 1951 allows the US already to
station plenty of troops on Greenland,
but it has to consult first with with
Denmark and Greenland before expanding
its bases. So, there's a fundamental
basis already for this arrangement, but
it does seem as though from our own
reporting, the US is seeking to do that
in a very unfettered way, which means to
not have to consult with Greenland or
Denmark before they build up military
bases there. And you know, that's kind
of in tune with what Donald Trump has
been saying about allowing the US to do
really whatever it wants when it comes
to Greenland. So, there's that aspect of
it, the military part of it. It also
does seem to involve an aspect of of
mineral rights. Of course, Donald Trump
talks a lot about critical minerals and
rare earths. Greenland has critical
minerals and it seems to be about
getting rights to that and and and
therefore stymieing Chinese companies
from getting their hands on Greenland's
critical minerals. So, two aspects of
that, possibly a permanent NATO presence
as well on on Greenland in the sense
that the NATO members want to still be
involved. But, some of the fine print is
still being worked out. And it there are
noises from Greenland and Denmark that
they want to make sure they're a voice
in the room. And so far, some of these
conversations seem to be happening
directly between the US and the NATO
Secretary General Mark Rutte. And
they're saying, "Hang about, we actually
need to be part of these conversations."
Donald Trump's talking about a two-week
timeframe to get this done. His
timeframes can be a bit slippery, as we
know, or he can change his mind. But,
that's right now he's saying he expects
to have a proper framework within about
two weeks.
>> Yeah, and then speaking of how quickly
things can change, maybe just to
muddy the just the the even further, I
think you know, the US president just
posted something on Truth Social to the
effect that maybe they should put NATO
to the test invoking Article 5 for the
US southern border. Again, just to I
guess highlight still the differences
that remain there. And just really on
that point, there was is there a risk
and people talk about this wholesale
dumping of US assets by Europe as
perhaps a risk market should be
watching. Is it that or are there bigger
risks
that have been I guess off the table for
now?
>> It's interesting every time there's a
dispute with the US with a country this
this comes up this idea of selling US
assets. I mean, you hear that in Asia a
lot too, right? With countries like
China. And there's been talk does Europe
use its leverage it it it holds
collectively about 40% of the foreign
holdings of US Treasuries, but a lot of
that's in private funds. Some of it's in
state funds. But a lot of it's in
private hands and governments can't
really say you need to now sell your
holdings of US assets. Those funds will
act probably, you know, on their own
calculations around market risk. For
example, perhaps they do want to
diversify, but it doesn't necessarily
signal, you know, that Europe's
abandoning the US. And even though
there's been so much head-scratching
about the past week in Europe and a lot
of leaders frankly their heads are
probably spinning about the way that
this relationship is shifting so quickly
with the US. But there is that refrain
under all of it and that is that you
still need to have some kind of
relationship with US. That includes on
the trade front. Maybe we get that trade
deal ratified now at some point that you
need to be a voice in the room with
Donald Trump including on security. And
so there is a sense of just maybe
there's some rebalancing in the
relationship in the minds of leaders as
well. They need to diversify. They need
to find new friends around the world,
but you can't really pull away from the
US in entirety. And so for Europe it's
going to be that that balance of trying
to work out how to have that
relationship with the US, but you know,
acknowledging that it's evolving all the
time.
>> Ros, thank you.
Rosalind Mathieson there, our chief Asia
correspondent.
Really just the clarity at which we now
understand, of course, what's really
been a very complex and dynamic
conversation in Europe. And hence,
perhaps, why, compared to this time last
week, silver is
uh there we go, you know, a few hours
away, given the rate of change, from a
hundred bucks.
Who would have thought? 40%
year-to-date. That's not that Again,
that's not normal.
>> Yeah.
>> Nor are we in normal times, I guess.
>> I mean, it's it's crazy. I mean, the
silver market was interesting, right?
There's a bit of a China story in there,
right? There was a bit of concerns about
back in October that they might have
There was this document that talked
about maybe these export licenses might
be changing, that maybe there might be
tightening some of these curbs and
whatnot. Um you know, so but then again,
there was a great line that came out
yesterday about how they shipped some
5,100 tons of silver last year. So, you
know, are those fears overblown in some
ways? But that has been a reason why
silver prices have continued to have it.
People really kind of front-loading it
for the moment.
>> the highest the highest volume of
exports in the past 16 years.
>> Yeah.
>> That one.
>> But you know, Goldman still just
recently lifted their their gold
forecast, right? Year-end gold price now
at 5,400
an ounce for gold. So, that seems like
when it comes to gold, there is still
reason to buy. That's what we hear from
a lot of guests this week as well,
despite the fact that, you know,
geopolitical tensions are actually now
easing a little bit. Uh let's bring in
Michelle Low. She's head of Asia metals
and mining for Bloomberg Intelligence.
She joins us now on set. So, you know,
tell us a little more about this crazy
metals rally we've seen. What stood out
to you?
>> Yeah, definitely over the past year is
one of the strongest rally across the
whole metal space. And then if we look
at um the outperformer, clearly was
silver, as you mentioned. It tripled,
actually. And now it's touching a record
high of 100 per ounce. And then the
second one is actually platinum.
Platinum also up by 160%
year-on-year over the last year. And
then is gold, tin, they're all up by 70
to 75%.
And then well, relatively lagged is the
up copper and aluminum, but still they
were up by like 35% to 20%. So it is
pretty
crazy. And looking into 2026, actually
our analyst we our team actually
expecting the silver to consolidate at a
more realistic level and around 85 US
dollar per per ounce. Well, despite all
the very tight demand and supply balance
still going on. We see that actually the
silver to gold
ratio
>> ratio
>> it has come down to 60 versus the last
year's average around 87.
So it it has come down a lot already.
For the gold price, we still expect it
to hold high level given the
geopolitical risk and the US policy
uncertainties.
We are expecting another at least 29%
run this year on average to 4,400.
>> If I want to express this in the equity
market in terms of stocks to buy,
companies that will benefit from an
earnings perspective, what stand out to
you?
>> Um Zijin Gold International,
which obviously the IPO draw a lot of
attention.
>> Yeah.
>> Um this company is a pure gold play. And
the reason why we think it stands out
because it's
earnings definitely very strong after
expecting a 200% rise last year. We're
looking for another doubling this year.
And also this company has a very good
strong track record of acquisition at
very low cost. And I'll talk about its
output growth is also likely to outpace
its peers as well. So definitely making
it a very good play all out for Chow Tai
Fook Jewellery.
>> Okay, Michelle, thank you so much.
Michelle Low out of Bloomberg
Intelligence there. As she was pointing
out, there we go. Chow Tai Fook
up about 5%. All right, we'll just take
a short break and we will see you on the
other side
of it.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Speaking of gold, let's take a look at
Lao Feng Gold, or Heritage Gold as they
like to say it there. But there you go,
with a 7% pop when it comes to the
shares [music] here. Daiwa just raising
their price target. They're talking
about, "Look, the recent price movement
we've seen in the stock is still lagging
behind what the gold rally has done."
So, maybe some catch-up there, Dave.
>> Yeah, well, something something to
watch.
Benchmarks looking like this. And again,
we're back here, right? It seems like we
talk about Pop Mart and Lao Feng Gold.
We're [laughter] we're we're we're we're
back to those those those programming
days, right?
New consumption [music] plays. We're up
across these markets 7/10 of 1%. 27,000.
So, we've yet to [music] actually break
through this recent range in the Hang
Seng Index. Well, certainly we'll have
more on this in a moment. This
is the China show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. [music]
And you got to thank Alibaba for that,
really lifting the gauge here, given
what we saw the news of of course that
they reportedly, according to our
sources, are going to be spinning off
that AI chip unit. So, certainly joining
the fray of a lot of offerings out there
that are about to come as well. That's
enough to kind of lift up H shares the
tech here this morning and certainly
kind of brush off some of the Intel
concerns that we saw after hours there
about talking about supply shortages and
the like, but certainly that outlook was
a bit more dim. But then again, rest of
Asia sitting quite pretty here today on
this Friday morning, Dave.
>> Yeah, we are and we'll see whether or
not the BOJ does represent a risk to the
rally and what would constitute a
hawkish tone, right? Coming through out
of the BOJ. So, we'll likely get the
decision over the next 90 minutes or so,
so we'll stay tuned for it. Stay tuned
for that, of course.
Um we're looking at the rest of the
region as Anna was pointing out, right?
This up arrow story. We're still
flat-ish on the week, in fact negative
on some global benchmarks in terms of
equity markets, but we are ending the
week as you can see on decent footing
given just the ups and downs and
reversals in policy and messaging on the
geopolitical front. What has been
consistent, maybe because of that, is
this bid that's really strong at this
point in time as it pertains to precious
metals, right? So, silver um is
extremely close to 100 bucks an ounce.
Uh we were just above 99 earlier on and
we're just about 30 a good 30 minutes
away if you think about the rate of
change there from taking out that 5,000,
of course, is the gold play.
Uh and we also did, I think to some
extent, did get some assistance in the
form of a stronger Chinese currency.
>> Yeah, I mean I mean that first, you
know, strongest fix sub-7 since 2023,
right? That's why you did see a bit of
that uh dip there when it comes to
dollar-China. Uh certainly going to be a
very interesting one here because the
timing of it is quite interesting,
right? They, you know, I think most
thought maybe they weren't going to do
it until maybe after Chinese New Year,
but this seems to be a bit earlier than
what some traders were expecting here as
well. So, uh is there a sign of more
tolerance for a stronger RMB and the
like? Let's bring in Mark Cranfield, he
joins us live now on, of course, the
market action. Um you know, plenty to
talk about. Maybe we should talk about
the currency first, Mark, on on what
we're hearing, you know, what does it
signal to you? A sub-7 fix from the PBOC
today?
>> Yeah, it's it's very significant,
especially in the context of a slightly
weaker dollar overnight as well. And I
think what what you can read into that
is the PBOC can see that the the world
is gradually shifting away from the US
dollar. It's not
dramatic. It's going to take time. But
you can see the move in the euro, the
Aussie. These currencies are gaining a
lot of traction.
And the the PBOC is very comfortable
with the view that it wants the yuan to
be part of that. If if money's moving
away from the United States, it wants to
make sure that the yuan captures a
decent chunk of that.
And they is ready to do so. So, as you
say, they they lowered the the fixing
below seven today
when a lot of people were assuming they
would hold on until after the Lunar New
Year holiday at least.
So, they've really brought that forward.
It shows that
they
going to they're going to be
competitive. They they already exports
are doing well in China anyway. They can
absorb a stronger currency. And they
want to make sure that as assets move
around the world that China grabs its
fair share of whatever money is shifting
to other parts of the world. So, it's a
very big sign of confidence in their
currency, in their markets. And traders
will be very aware of that. There's one
report on Bloomberg today suggesting
that China might be seeking up to 10% of
global currency reserves, which will be
a big jump from where we are today. So,
all in all, it's a it's a very much a
positive signal, not just for the
Chinese yuan, but for Chinese assets in
general.
>> Mark, how do you how are you looking at
this
this planned listing, reported planned
listing of of Alibaba's chip unit? How
does that
further this
exuberant excitement over AI? It's
certainly helping today. I'm just
wondering how that fits into the broader
scheme of things.
>> It It certainly helps to fuel the whole
AI phone phobia, FOMO, whatever you want
to call it. There's a There's a bubble
forming in all things AI related. In
terms of individual companies, everybody
wants to capture
these extraordinary valuations. At the
end of the day, every company is
responsible to its shareholders to
squeeze as much money as it can out of
the market to distribute back to its
shareholders. Alibaba is no different
from anybody else in that point of view.
If it sees an opportunity
to cash in on excessive valuations in
the market, it should do so for the
benefit of its shareholders, and that is
exactly what it might be able to do if
it can bring off this IPO. Because don't
forget, waiting in the wings, you've got
potentially two huge IPOs in the United
States. You've got Anthropic, and you've
got OpenAI, who would probably love to
bring their companies to IPO at the
right time
to get in touch with these amazing If
you look at OpenAI's valued at something
like 800 billion, maybe it's looking to
go to a trillion. That's extraordinary
for a company that so far is hardly
making any money at all. This kind of
bubble will pop, and it won't be too far
away when it does. So, everybody now
would like to rush in, capture as much
valuation as they can before the party
ends.
>> All right, Mark. I'm wondering if the
party has ended when it comes to
shorting JGBs.
Um because we we obviously we we were
just hearing from the finance minister
as well. She says the tax cut plan not
fully grasped by foreign investors.
Is there anything the BOJ's going to do
today, do you think, to to reassure
investors out there, maybe stabilize the
JGB market and even dollar-yen?
>> If we get us a surprise today, it will
be in the press conference, and Governor
Ueda will hint
that the Bank of Japan is reconsidering
its plan to reduce bond purchases. So,
it currently
is on schedule over the next 2 years to
keep on reducing the the number of BOJ
the number of JGBs it buys. It already
owns
a very large part of the market. It's
been criticized from time to time for
owning too many. And Governor Ueda has
done a good job of trying to reduce
that. And he still wants to do more of
it. But,
the dislocation the dysfunction at the
long end of the JGB market is very
disconcerting to investors and to the
central bank. At the end of the day,
central banks are responsible for having
orderly bond markets, orderly currency
markets. It is their job to do so. What
he's been seeing happen in the last
couple of weeks will really be sending
shock waves
through the Bank of Japan. One way he
could help the market would be to say,
"Okay, we're going to revise, at least
temporarily,
our plan to reduce purchases of JGBs."
That would be a positive signal.
And it would certainly help to stabilize
the market. Whether he does or not,
whether he's brave enough to do it ahead
of a Japanese election, of course that's
for people to discuss. But, if there's
going to be a surprise today, I would
suggest that's where it will be. Is that
Ueda will say something positive to help
the long end of the JGB market.
>> Mark, fantastic. Mark Cranfield in
Singapore for us. It's a quick glance at
the big movers early on, about 37
minutes into the cash market session
here in Hong Kong. Uh ooh, okay. Right.
So,
>> Watch this.
>> zoom.
>> Yeah. In case you're missing it, this is
what you're missing. Pop Mart's
Lapu Gold, of course, on the on the gold
play. And of course, Xiaomi on the back
of the buyback story on the broker on
the broker. And of course, Baba, of
course, giving it
>> It's interesting, right? The Lapu Gold,
right? We haven't talked about them for
a while. Um I don't know if it's because
of what we're hearing about Pop Mart in
this interview that's coming out. Maybe
the whole new new consumption plays is
just catching a bid here today. But,
also maybe with the gold price, right? I
mean how how much more can these gold
miners rally? Maybe there's a bit more
of a catch-up here when it comes to some
of these sort of Lao Pu gold names as
well or some of the retails out there.
So, certainly is this a more of a
rotation out of that gold into more
other gold plays?
>> Yeah.
>> Um all right, that's one question to
ask, of course. Uh still ahead of the
China show that we're talking a little
more about CCB, their Asian wealth
business, and find [music] out how
they're working to capture inflows from
mainland customers. The deputy chief
executive, Annie Chen, joins us next.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> People are looking
safe havens
uh to park their funds and at the same
time giving them good returns. They are
looking for policy consistency and
predictability.
>> [music]
>> That was Paul Chan, the Hong Kong
financial secretary, of course, speaking
with us earlier this week out of Davos
about Hong Kong. Really, is this
something that they've really
prioritized bolstering the the status as
a wealth hub, a haven for investors amid
just this geopolitical uncertainty? And
certainly, when you look at the numbers,
it certainly supports that that
narrative. In fact, one specific segment
that has been booming is, to the point
we were just making, wealth management,
right? Spurred by these flows coming
through
across from the border, across from the
mainland. This affluent segment of the
customer base here.
>> Yeah, let's get more now on this with
our next guest. Annie Chen is deputy
chief executive at China Construction
Bank Asia and joins us here in the
studio. Annie, it's great to have you on
the program. Uh you have a very unique
position being a subsidiary of a Chinese
bank here. And we just talked about,
right? This the amount of flows from the
mainland coming uh for people starting
to set up account and whatnot. How how
are you capturing that sort of inflow
now?
>> Yeah, hi, Yvonne. Um in terms of uh
wealth management um the business in
Hong Kong, actually last year is uh
growing very fast. And um for us uh we
are also very encouraged uh by the
growth in the wealth management income
with a 46% year-on-year growth. And
behind that, a key driver is uh around
the Chinese mainland customers coming to
Hong Kong looking for offshore
investment solutions. And um um with
that uh in particular opening account,
and we see a very uh strong flows. Um
into that uh what we did is uh we
launched an 8-minute account opening
service for our customers.
>> 8 minutes?
>> Yeah. Um
what they do is
>> That's as long as this interview is
going to be.
>> [laughter]
>> But yeah, that's how quick it is.
>> I think
uh basically because a key pain points
uh for uh mainland investors when they
come to Hong Kong looking for offshore
investment, the first thing they have to
do is to open a bank account.
>> Right.
>> And that has been a challenge um
uh previously as well, and then queuing
as well. Um and what we did is we put
that solutions into the mobile banking
app. And with that, our customers, when
they come to Hong Kong, they can use our
mobile banking app to input all the
informations and verification, and it
will be complete in 8 minutes. And after
that, we also deck on a lot of different
wealth management products onto the
mobile banking app, and they can do it
just digitally.
>> What are the I've always been curious
about this. We've seen a lot of flows
coming here to your point. What are some
of the more most popular products
that that that mainland the affluent
class are are, you know, want to get
here
that they can't that they can't get
>> uh a lot of question a lot of people ask
me uh that that questions. Um I would
say it really um
uh a very diverse needs because probably
I would uh
uh the customers can uh uh
categorize probably into two groups.
>> Okay.
>> One group being the high net worth
customers. So their demand for products
they are very knowledgeable.
>> Okay.
>> So, they would look for more
multi-asset class. They need some far
more complex different investment tools.
>> Mhm.
>> The other group is being the mass
affluent mainland Chinese investor.
>> Okay.
>> And most of them they have very limited
offshore investment experience. And to
that,
the wealth management connect schemes is
a very good starting point for them to
invest in Hong Kong
in investing low and medium risk
product. Like in the past years,
probably time deposit is very popular.
But as the interest rate is coming down,
we are seeing the flows going to funds
as well in the wealth management connect
schemes.
>> Your client numbers have grown
substantially. I think you nearly
doubled, right? 97%. Interesting enough
though, your AUM has only grown about
25%. Can you tell us what's going on
there? You know, and how do you address
that gap?
>> That's the number that we doubled is on
our private banking customers. And then
our AUM grew by 25%. And the reason is
that because a lot of them are new
customers. So, they opened the account
last years. And then they are looking
into Some of them they have already
offshores money, probably in other area.
And then we are
sharing our house views and products.
And that's why But I would think that
since they
opened account with us last year, I
would think that this year we'll see a
more decent growth and strong growth in
our AUMs this year.
>> Do you have Do you have a specific
target on on AUM growth this year?
>> Our target is at least 50% growth for
the private banking side. Because the
momentum and leveraging on our parents
banks in terms of the demand and the
flows that we are seeing, we are very
very confident in terms of the asset
management.
>> I was actually going to ask you that
because what sets you apart to your
point, right? You China Construction
Bank. How do you What is the unique
selling point? Because we are there is
plenty of players and competitors here
in Hong Kong, which is I think a good
problem to have for the industry. But
how do you how do you grab the AUM as
you point out sitting elsewhere?
>> Yeah. Um first of all, Hong Kong I would
say the wealth management market has it
wise and deaf as well. And for us, what
we are doing is first of all, leveraging
on our parent banks in terms of like um
our operations and efficiencies and also
technology development coming back to
our
our strategic priority. One of that is
scaling through digitization. So this is
one and the other is a lot of the
experience like um the use of
technology, AI, modeling. There are a
lot of best practice that we can
leverage from our parent's bank. And
last but not the least is the customers.
So through the um um discussions and
also meeting customers in our mainland
who need uh offshore investment
solutions, then our Hong Kong uh arms
comes into play.
>> How do you plan on expanding the wealth
business then? A- Are do you plan on
hiring more wealth managers, private
bankers?
>> Yeah, definitely we have to um seeing
the growth in the customer base at that
speed um
um in the coming 1 2 years roughly, uh
we are planning to hire uh uh roughly uh
hundreds of uh frontline uh which
include private bankers. And we also
have uh branches in Hong Kong as well.
>> Hundred or hundreds?
>> A hun- 100.
>> 100, okay. Just to make sure.
>> Yeah. And then and including uh branches
and also servicing staff. But to that
point um
uh uh I I think apart from having RMs,
the other observations is uh Chinese
mainland investor, they demand speed. So
that's why actually they would like
everything to do it on the mobile
banking app.
>> Mhm.
>> And as a result, we also uh double down
on our investments in mobile banking.
For example, in the past we have some
principal protected products that can
all only be distributed at the branch
network.
>> Okay.
>> And then we put them on mobile and the
investment size is only 1/10. And then
we can do it
24 hours a day. I think that's and even
customer going back to mainland, they
can still manage their finance through
our mobile banking. I think this is
what we think even more important as we
look into scaling the business.
>> Mhm.
That's and that's that's a very fine
balance because you have to I guess in a
some ways, right? Make everything
available online but in some ways you
have to also protect
against online fraud and all these sort
of things. So how are you approaching
that balance between convenience and
>> Also AI too and all that's really
connected to the AI.
>> you you hit on the asking of very
critical questions in terms of like risk
mitigation.
Because I think first of all
for RMs, I think for high network
customers, we still maintain a very high
level of specialists in serving them.
>> Okay.
>> terms of like online digitalization,
we have for example, like fraud
detection, limit control and then we
have a team to look into that actually
on a daily basis and managing that and
it is our day-to-day job and and and you
have actually rightly highlighted that
very critical point.
>> We have one more question. I want to ask
you about Hong Kong. The property market
seems to show signs of recovery.
What are your clients' demands now?
Right now, do they see that or do you
see that this property market is
bottoming out now? And what does it tell
you about what the banks you know,
commercial real estate exposure should
be?
>> What we hear from our clients, I I do I
do hear clients now for example, looking
looking into
the property.
For example, in Hong Kong, we have
different talent schemes.
In the past probably they they rent and
probably I do hear clients they they may
be looking for it and what we are doing
right now is putting up more research.
It It depends on their circumstances and
how long they're going to stay here and
then more research and analysis, but we
do see more interest.
Okay.
>> Okay. Annie, let's do this again soon.
Thank you so much for coming here.
>> Thank you.
>> And Annie Chen there, deputy chief
executive at China Construction Bank
Asia just under status really of the
business and some of their targets going
into 2026. Right, if you're one of our
Bloomberg clients, you can rewatch that
specific interview we just did with
Annie or you can watch others of course
via our interactive TV function. Bottom
of your screens, TV go on your Bloomberg
terminals. Plenty more ahead. This is
the China Show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> It seems that every day
we're reminded that we live in an era of
great power rivalry.
That the rules-based order is fading.
That the strong can do what they can and
the weak must suffer
what they must.
And this aphorism of Thucydides is
presented [music] as inevitable.
As the natural logic of international
relations reasserting itself.
>> That was Mark Carney there, the Canadian
Prime Minister speaking at Davos this
week. I think his words really quite
resonated amongst, you know, global
viewers out there. I think it went viral
at at some point here because it seems
like in in many ways
he warned of this authoritarian rise
that we're seeing here.
Also talking about Canada doesn't live
with cuz of the US. I mean, it was quite
harsh words I think coming through. But
I think it was interesting what Ian
Bremmer was writing about, too, about
what we really saw at Davos here. Wasn't
really about Trump's speech, but
something else that we saw.
>> Yeah, it was really the This is the real
You know,
this is a forum where I think isn't the
isn't the message something like in the
spirit of dialogue? And
>> it's it's This is where people come to
meet. This is where they network. And
most times very few
stick their neck out with a very strong
message, right? But it it's it's
addressing the changes on the ground.
And I think what Bremmer said, it's
nothing political. It just seems like US
allies can no longer rely on the US in
the same way. And I think that was the
same breath that Mark Carney was was was
was was bringing up as well. That this
is a change that we it's a massive
change and we need to live with this
properly.
>> Yeah. A bit of a reality check, really.
But then again, there is some frameworks
of of some sort of Greenland deal,
>> Which is a good thing, of course.
>> which and we avoided of course
a big crisis in the transatlantic
relations. So at least there was that.
Some diplomacy that did go through.
Still details are mum about what is
going to be in this framework deal, of
course. But yes, it's interesting,
right? How Robert Lighthizer, the US
Commerce Secretary, did dismiss the
recent strengthening of Canada's trade
relations with China as quote political
noise. Lighthizer also told Prime
Minister Carney still or told us that
Carney's tilt towards China could become
an issue in talks this year over
revamping the North American trade
accord.
>> I think what that is is political
marketing, right? The Canadians have the
second best deal in the whole wide
world. If they continue this path,
right? Which is a political path of a
certain thing. I'm going to go fly to
China. I'm going to open up my markets
to China. I'm going to take Chinese
electric cars and do all sorts of this
stuff. Then when USMCA
gets re-negotiated.
>> This year?
>> This year. Sort of like towards the end
of the summer, I'm middle of the summer.
Do you think the President of the United
States is going to say, "You should keep
having the second best deal in the
world? I mean, you guys are such great
friends." I mean, they are playing
with a set of rules that they haven't
really thought through.
>> it in your voice. You're excited about
negotiating this, aren't you, Larry,
this year?
>> Well, they they've sort of given a sort
of a road map of saying, "So, I guess we
should change the whole deal." Right?
You want to be like the rest of the
world. You don't want to be this favored
neighbor because you've taken it so for
granted that you're willing to come to
Davos and say there's two hegemonic
powers in the world and we're going to
decide which one we're going to work
with. Really? You're going to either
work with the United States of America
where 75% of your economy is is totally
tied to it or China? What Why would you
say that? It just I think it's
political, you know, I think if we take
it correctly, we should look at it as
just political noise coming out of a
prime minister and maybe this is working
for his election, right? Because I don't
think it can be real because if you took
out the math of Canada's economy and it
doing business with the United States of
America's $30 economy, there's no such
thing
as changing what they have today. No one
would vote for changing what they had
today. Now, maybe they're marketing it
well, but they're just for their
politics.
>> The agenda
>> Howard Lutnick there speaking with, of
course, Bloomberg Surveillance [music]
in Davos as well. Markets check here
right now. Still seeing some green, but
Asia stocks seems to be coming off the
initial highs here this morning. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo, Japanese markets
are [music] going on a lunch break in
just a moment and we are just live
outside the Bank of Japan here this
morning. That decision could happen any
moment now. So, certainly we're we're
expecting no change when it comes to
rates are are concerned, but really it's
going to be about the press briefing
later on this afternoon with Ueda-san
given the week that the turbulent week
we've had with JGBs and whether they are
going to be talking and dressing ways to
stabilize not just the bond market, but
also the currency as well.
>> Yeah. Um so, decision should be out um
I would say any moment any time from now
any minute from now. Um although that is
to say of course we this is typically
within a range of between I would say 15
minutes from now and then you just push
forward maybe about an hour and a half
and you know, that old sort of adage
where you know, the longer it takes for
the BOJ to come up with a decision
chances are the the higher the
probability of maybe some tweak to the
statement itself. Anyway, we'll we'll if
the statement drops, we will bring it to
you immediately. Uh look at markets
right now as we go into that lunch break
at as Ivana's pointing out it's briefing
to Uh here's a stat for you. The 9
30-day vol on JGBs JGB futures
specifically is at a 6-month high and I
wonder how they will talk us through it.
Added to that to the latest comments
coming out of the finance minister that
foreign investors don't really
understand grasp have a good
understanding of these the tweaks the
potential tweaks to the sales tax.
>> Yeah, we're all still trying to figure
out.
>> Yeah. Anyway.
>> Um but really what's driving the selling
as well across JGBs. Um but yeah, we are
set to get that BOJ rate decision soon.
Let's bring in Taro Kimura, Bloomberg
Economics senior Japan economist. He
joins us now from Tokyo. Taro, always
great to have you on BOJ day. Uh that
before we get to the decision, there was
of course an inflation report that came
out here today. What's your take on the
CPI report?
>> Well, yeah. Quickly on CPI report, I
think uh it slowed down in the headline
uh reflecting a higher year-earlier base
from
previous year's spike in fresh food as
well as the new Prime Minister Takachi's
measure to temper prices of gasoline.
So, that means the Bank of Japan at
least temporarily has a breathing room
not to They they don't have to worry
about prices are spiking and rallying
and they need to act immediately. That
won't be The the data suggests that
won't be the case for for the BOJ. So, I
think
it's a it's a good news for BOJ.
>> Yeah. Taro, interesting, too, because
this is coming at a time when yields are
melting up and I really want, if you
could, talk about the research that you
put out. We heard from the Finance
Minister headline drop earlier on the
foreign investors don't really
understand what's going on
in any potential tweak to the sales tax.
So, I wonder, could you decompose for us
this melt up in the 10-year yield? What
do you think is the biggest driver
there? Is it fiscal non-discipline or is
that just a better economy?
>> Exactly. Before talking about 10-year
yields, I think the what spooked the
global market was ultra-long yields like
40 years, 30 years, 20 years. Those are
for me a thin market dysfunction rather
than a crisis. So, the BOJ and Ministry
of Finance can deal with. And separately
from the ultra-long yields, yes, I agree
that the 10-year yields are picking up,
but I doubt it's mostly about so-called
fiscal concerns because, you know, it's
not about Japan's fiscal stability is in
doubt. The the corporate profits are
good, thus the corporate income tax is
expected to increase.
Japan's economic consumptions are
picking up. And also, don't forget the
Bank of Japan will start to sell its ETF
holdings and 95% of the capital gain is
going to going as a government revenue.
So,
as long as it's like tax agent assets, a
2-year temporarily
sales tax on sales tax cuts on food, I
think the Japan's
budget is sustainable. And I think the
the recent calamity in the JGB market
suggests the markets are sort of
agreeing [snorts] on that side. And
what's driving actually is for me as an
economist, it's a healthy momentum in
Japan's economy. Remember the Japan used
to have only zero inflation, now it's
over 2% or near 3%
that means stronger at least nominal
growth and nominal higher inflation
expectation. And 10-year yields it's
just around 2.3 2.2% with the inflation
over
in the economy with the inflation over
2% is that really high? I don't think
so. I think there is a
still an upside in JGB 10-year yields,
but I think it's reflects a positive
momentum in Japan's economy.
>> So, Taro, do you think the BOJ is behind
the curve then? That's the big question.
And And what are you expecting out of
this meeting today?
>> Yeah, I I think the BOJ has been dovish
for over a year and they they they hiked
rates but only gradually and slowly. But
the prices didn't overshoot to 5% or 10%
or something. The learning from it is
inflation is actually taking hold in
Japan, but the experience of
decades-long deflation and disinflation
suggests it's really hard for Japan's
inflation expect expectation to spike
easily. I think that's a
tailwind for the Bank of Japan. So, I I
don't think the Bank of Japan is isn't
really concerned about becoming a behind
curve of the
>> [snorts]
>> prices. And I think
what the BOJ is going to do is leave the
dovish tone as the government wants
and then market may react with the
selling the yen and and selling the
JJB's and the government cannot get
tolerant and then the BOJ can
do a next rate hike. So, I think I don't
think they're concerned about the recent
inflation momentum are too strong. So, I
think the weather will just strike a
neutral or even a modestly dovish tone
in this press conference today.
>> Taro, thank you so much. We'll let you
get back to the desk in case that breaks
anytime. Taro Kin were there senior
Japan economist out of Tokyo for us with
that imminent decision coming through
out of the Bank of Japan. Joining us now
from Singapore is Francis Cheung, head
of FX and rates strategy at OCBC Bank.
Francis, thank you so much and happy New
Year's. First time we're speaking in
2026. Let's start with the BOJ. Your
expectations there and what do I need to
be paying attention to?
>> Now, the market is instead actually
looking for any hawkish signals that
would be coming out from the BOJ and
that could come on a few fronts
including the updated updated economic
forecast, their expectations about wage
growth, and also of course the rhetoric
on the weak yen. So, the BOJ is widely
expected to upgrade their economic
forecast, but still
any revision that is beyond 0.2
percentage point may be seen as
optimistic and therefore hawkish.
Regarding wage growth, the BOJ has
already been expecting another solid
year of wage growth. However, it is a
matter of whether they would need to
wait for the first cut of the Shunto
result before they take the next policy
action.
The Shunto result might be coming from
sometime in March, but potentially even
after the March MPC meeting. So, that
may explain why market does not really
see meaningful chance of a hike before
April meeting. However, again, if any
commentaries on higher conviction of
wage growth, that could mean the BOJ can
actually uh hike earlier than markets
currently priced in. And lastly, of
course, on the weekend, uh the
implication of the weekend on inflation
for Japan, that is already evident if
you look at the import price index. So,
there are two indexes, one is yen basis,
the other is contract currency basis.
So, there has been a divergence already
over the past few months. So, again, uh
if the rhetoric is heightened on that
front, uh that might also mean more
hawkish than expected BOJ.
>> Okay, more hawkish than expected BOJ
potentially. Okay.
There's a lot of talk about 160 for for
dollar yen now. Do you think that's
still the line in the sand for the Bank
of Japan and and the finance the finance
ministry?
>> Yeah, indeed, a near-term range of
155-160. Why the top side 160 still
hold? Uh it is because of the
expectation or the risk of FX
intervention. So, we think 160 would
still hold for now. And going forward,
uh now because the uncertainty is still
quite high, an investor might still be a
bit but ultimately, if you look at the
JGB uh treasury yield differential, and
even including 100% FX hedge, uh if you
do asset swap into JGBs, that is
starting to look appealing. Of course,
the given is that the market has to
stabilize. So, further out, uh we think
the yen would ultimately benefit from
the yield differentials, but that said,
for now, market sentiment is a bit uh
unfavorable, I would say.
>> Mhm.
>> Do you think that environment changes
over the next 6 months?
>> Yep. So, uh we have to let the the dust
settle. So, after election, the
accompanied confirmation or
implementation of any additional fiscal
measures. So, by that time, uh probably
yes, we would need to wait until May or
June uh for the market to stabilize.
However, for some investors, uh if they
looking at the uh pickup at JGB, if they
have the appetite, so we cannot rule out
that uh there would be some investor
interest already starting Uh to the
super long end. But, base case on
balance, we would expect investor to
still prefer to avoid duration and keep
any JGB positions at 10-year tenors or
below.
>> Mhm.
>> So,
do you think that you still want to hear
more? I mean, we've heard from a bit
from the finance minister this week
about, you know,
there's nothing to see here. Don't calm
down.
>> Mhm.
>> What more do you want to see from policy
makers and what signals need to be made
to really kind of stabilize the JGB
market and support the currency now, for
instance?
>> We [clears throat] are not actually
expecting too much. So, regarding MOF
and BOJ, so first on the MOF side,
according to the initial budget for this
year, of course, that budget might
already be subject to change, but
according to that, the supply of 40-year
JGB is already very small. So, they have
already further reduced the supply and
is actually constitute a very tiny
portion of the overall gross issuance.
So, bad and good, right? So, good means
that supply is not really coming
through, but bad is that the the room
for further reduction is actually very
limited. As for the BOJ, will they come
to the rescue? The bar has always been
quite high for the BOJ to increase the
JGB purchases with a view to supporting
the market. So, they have come a long
way to come up with their QT plan and
they have been sticking with that. And
our base case is that they would
continue to stick with this as a whole
step up QT pace that kind of plan and
they're not due for interim review yet.
The best that they can do might be
within the current QT band. Of course,
they can tweak the tenor allocations
towards more super long end bonds, but
if they stick with the QT pace, that
means that they have to further reduce
the purchases of other tenors. So, the
likelihood of that happening still
doesn't really seems high at the moment.
>> Okay, just to pivot to the the Chinese
currency which, you know, today was the
first fix in, you know, let's call it
over 2 years
below the seven handle. I know
it makes up a good news headline, but is
there any significance beyond just
a nice headline to write here, Francis?
>> Yeah, the approach I would say is pretty
much the same that the authorities seems
to be comfortable allowing for some
gradual RMB appreciation. So, it's again
is a matter of the pace
because seven is a psychological level.
So, despite actually PBOC comments
yesterday about the yuan overshooting,
the fixing today further boost the RMB
sentiment and push dollar CNY dollar CNY
next lower. And as a background, the
latest FX settlement data from China for
December had already shown that the
onshore willingness to convert foreign
currency we see it in the RMB has risen
to almost 69% which is the high end of
the range. So, if this positive feedback
loop continue, then we cannot rule out
that this conversion ratio would stay
high and onshore might also be a bit
tempted to convert some of the FX
deposits into RMB. But, if that
happened, that means the pace of the RMB
appreciation would quicken a bit, then
the policy makers may again come in to
try to smooth the movement. So, the
bottom line is that they would be
willing to allow for some measured pace
of RMB appreciation especially given an
overall soft dollar outlook.
>> Okay, real quickly, what what's your
forecast for for yen and for RMB
moving forward here?
>> Okay, one step at a time.
Yes, as as we mentioned as we mentioned,
we expect ultimately the yen would
benefit, but let's look at if this a 155
160 hold first. So, if it ultimately on
a multi-month horizon break below 155,
we would be looking at the next target
at 150. For RMB year end, we are looking
at 6.92.
>> Okay.
Great. Francis, thank you for your
insights, and head of FX and rates
strategy at OCBC. And of course, we're
set to get that BOJ rate decision
anytime soon. We're on tenterhooks, of
course. If you're a subscriber, you can
turn the terminal for more on this. T
live go is your function for the latest
updates, commentary, and analysis
[music]
from our expert editors. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> It looks like we have the concept of I
got everything we wanted
including, especially, real national
security.
>> And President Trump was the one who
uh reinvigorated NATO at the summit in
The Hague with the famous 5%. I think we
can be thankful for the fact that he
again has been able to take leadership
on this issue. How can we collectively
protect the Arctic?
>> On Arctic sovereignty, we stand firmly
with Greenland and Denmark, and fully
support their unique right to determine
Greenland's future. [music]
>> The process of getting to that agreement
has clearly damaged trust amongst
allies, long-standing allies with deep
friendship [music] and partnership.
That's been the very unsettling thing
about about the last few days.
>> I think that [music] what's going on is
really a change of the world order.
>> Every country is entitled to defend
[music] its legitimate rights and
interests.
>> We consider the people of the United
States [music] not just our allies, but
our friends.
>> All right, world leaders in Davos
weighing in on, of course, [music]
everything from Arctic security and
shifting alliances and the transatlantic
relations. And as we saw those live
pictures of President Trump arriving
back in the US after what was a pretty
interesting Davos, to say the least
there. We also heard from NATO Secretary
General Mark Rutte saying that a
breakthrough with President Trump over
Greenland was secured without discussing
the territory's sovereignty.
>> Yeah, speaking to us at Davos, he said
that the talks focused on the broader
issue of security in the Arctic.
>> President Trump has been clear from when
he was in office, Trump 45, also when he
came back into office, Trump 47, that
when it comes to the protection of the
Arctic with a priority on Greenland, we
have to spend more energy, more time,
more focus on this because we know the
sea lanes are opening up. The Chinese
and the Russians are more and more
active. So, what we discussed last
night, how in a practical sense we can
get this done. And we agreed on these
two tracks. One is the seven countries
in the high north, including the United
States working together to protect
against any adversary, um so that will
be something where NATO is heavily
involved. And then when it comes to
Greenland specifically, continuing the
discussions they started last week. The
Danish [snorts] delegation, Secretary
Rubio, Vice President Pence in
Washington to continue that discussion.
Also to make sure that when it comes to
Greenland specifically, their economy,
their um military situation, Russia and
China will never get access.
>> And the Danes and sovereignty, is that
all assured?
>> We didn't discuss at all
um
about that issue. So, we discussed how
can we protect um Greenland, how can we
protect the wider Arctic region. And and
again, I think uh President Trump was
the one who
uh um re- reinvigorated NATO. At the
summit in The Hague was the famous 5%. I
think we can be thankful for the fact
that he again has been able to take
leadership on this issue. How can we
collectively uh protect the Arctic?
>> The latest rumors out there that it
would be involved sort of bigger base
bigger bases, longer
leases, but not actually changing
sovereignty. And the idea of far more
American troops. Is that the sort of
basis of it?
>> We didn't go into those details at all.
We know that the Danes are completely
open to having more American presence in
Greenland, and Greenland is open to
that.
And I think it is good that these
discussions take place with the three of
them because at the end I cannot
negotiate on behalf of anyone.
I was listening to a lot of people. I
think there is a landing ground here,
but in the end of course now we have to
make it happen.
>> There we go. That was the Secretary
General of NATO with our editor-in-chief
John Micklethwait here at Davos. Right.
We're about just over an hour into the
cash market session, an hour and 20, and
we're looking at small caps. This has
really been where the action has been.
In fact, just a rotation today between,
if you look at the three, the ChiNext,
the Star 50 in Shanghai, and today it's
really been see the action. It's really
in the Beijing 50 bit benchmark, up
about 2.2% here.
>> Yep. So, continue to see
>> small caps catching a bid. And yeah, I
think when [music] it comes to some of
these small caps, we're at 2021 highs.
>> For some of these benchmarks as well.
>> Yeah, the second one. The Star 50, yeah.
>> [music]
>> All right. This is Bloomberg.
>> Well, the CEO of Europe's only large
language model player says that
believing China is behind in AI is a
fairy tale. Speaking to Bloomberg in
Davos, Mistral AI's Arthur Mensch also
told us geopolitics are pushing global
companies to diversify their providers.
>> It certainly is a growing topic, top of
mind in the CEO's mind of enterprises
that their dependency to single
providers when it comes to digital
services might become a problem, and is
not a great answer to the volatility
that we observed in the world. So, it's
true in Europe, but it's also true
outside of Europe. It's true in the US
with certain accounts. Uh, it's true,
uh, in Canada, it's true in the
Southeast Asian region where we operate
a lot as well. So, we do see that the
technology we've built and the
differentiation of it, which is AI that
you can customize and deploy wherever
you want, is something that does
resonate, uh, with the geopolitical
events that we see.
>> Well, staying with the geopolitics, uh,
one of my my colleague spoke to the
Anthropic CEO earlier this week. Uh, and
on China, uh, he thought that the idea
of sending advanced chips there, and
this is a quote, is crazy and said it's
a bit like selling nuclear weapons to
North Korea.
What's your view?
>> Well, I think the,
I don't think this is true. Uh, it turns
out that China does very very well
without, uh, Nvidia chips. Uh,
we, uh,
we've seen China rise on the open source
front and we have been at Mistral, uh,
basically the the spearhead of open
source in the west to outside of China.
>> Is China behind though, the west?
>> China is not behind the west. I think
this is, this is a fairy tale. In, uh,
in AI they are very much at parity,
uh, and, uh, and the year ahead's going
to be extremely interesting in that
respect. Uh,
we care about Europe, uh, maintaining
its position, Europe maintaining, uh,
its ability to train models because we
don't think that,
uh, we should rely on open source
training these models, uh, in very
critical applications. So, we need to be
able to
to, uh, create our own models and to
sell them to enterprises. So, we'll
we'll it's going to be very interesting,
but it's a fairy tale that China is is
behind.
>> Let's talk about your own business. Do
you have a revenue goal for this year?
>> Yeah, we do. Uh, we should cross a
billion by the end of the year.
>> Okay. And in terms of capex spending,
what are you factoring in?
>> We are,
uh, about to do around a billion in
capex spending this year, uh, on, uh,
our endeavor, uh, Mistral compute, which
is a
what we've done last year is to start
and build our clusters and to fill some
of the data centers we're renting with
these clusters. The idea being that
because we have the hardware with the
software platform, because we know how
to build the models and the applications
on top, combining them with the GPUs is
a way to get to a vertically integrated
stack AI cloud services that are
competing with
some of the other fully integrated
providers.
>> There we go. That's Jamuna there with
Mistral AIC Arthur Minsch at Davos.
Right, just look at markets right now.
So, a couple of things and it's again,
it's it's
it's you know, we're wrapping up a week,
but gold remains very much in focus. In
fact, as we march
toward I mean, if just a few months ago
if anyone told you that 5,000 would be
the next headline we'd need to write,
they'd call you crazy, but you know
what? We're close to that. In fact, when
you look at silver separately, a hundred
someone told you that we were at 60, a
hundred would be where we are right now.
That's well, that's that's the reality
of things. As you can see, gold names
bid substantially. China Pharma is also
in focus today coming up on your screens
very, very shortly and then we'll talk
about Pop Mart and of course BOJ. There
we go, on your screens after this
development plan at Pop Mart that's in
about just over an hour from now.
>> Yeah, so there's this interview that the
CEO Wandings will be doing on Xinhua.
So, that was telegraphed on social
media. So, a lot of anticipation [music]
what he could say. Obviously, the Labubu
outlook, what what are the next IPs to
watch out there as well. And of course,
we are just moments away from that BOJ
decision as [music] well. Japan assets
are looking like this here this morning.